I'm Scott bought the car is a standard
FG x are still running stock exhaust
from there i went to build me a motor
and then from there sort of just went
ballistic but it's a fun car to drive so
far we've gone 9.8 144 it's still some
issues to sort out an X I'm playing for
it will be after it does do a load 9
will be 2 minutes up the rear end and
put a full cage in it motor itself is a
full 9 9 8 GTR atomic is a pro mod 94
done - seems to be working fine at the
moment the process with fuel system
context intervening on the car and John
track now we have a pro trans turbo 400
by fred things also haven't given us any
problems since we put that in we stopped
rate in ear boxes now we've just broke a
tail shaft since then now we've got a
gibson driveshaft tail shaft in the car
seems to be holding together well now
which break the bolts out of the back of
the crank and the bolt off the converter
so once we saw those few little issues
should be good we've got a true track
rear diff and upgraded billet axles from
the technics we're still running the
2.73 rear diff ratio
Judith turbosmart 500 after we do that
event we've got the turbosmart 500
coming out we're gonna enter it on
behalf of straight forward from there
I want to take on a few Commodores have
a bit of a run have a bit of fun and
then from there then look at going to
summer nuts with it with the current
setup